Lambda Relay Agent.
	a.k.a. come at me traffic!

NETWORK MEDIATION PROCESS (NMP/netmed):
	Responsible for handling inter-agent communication, particularly sending out local traffic data/conditions, and communicating with local processes.

	1.	Maintain dependency graph/FSM for handling network events.
	2.	FSM for deciding where to route messages. Currently implemented for local concurrency (i.e. all on same machine), this should be easy to change later.
	3.  Gossip and shit... (currently naively implemented, sending a gossip message will result in O(N^2) replicated messages throughout the network).

LOCAL SENSOR PROCESS:
	The idea is that loop/camera detectors yield *incoming* vehicle/pedestrian information. This process transforms raw measurements into discrete messages (i.e. <time, weight, meta> tuples).
	1.	Accumulate sensor information, transform into discrete messages for NMP
	>> probably can be left till later.


CONTROLLER PROCESS:
	Responsible for dictating when, how, and where the lights change.
	1.	Maintain Behaviour Transition Graph (BTG), and associated behaviours.
	2.	Maintain Complete Intersection Layout
	3.	Cost Evaluation Function: Take prediction service, local conditions, BTG, return the next behaviour (could be same).
		Run this as frequently as possible/meaningful?
		This is a biggie!

LOCAL PREDICTION SERVICE (LPS):
	A set of models/methods used to update internal graph probabilities (potentially on a per-behaviour basis), and infer macro-edge information.

	1.	Macro Edge: Receive messages from NMP, and LSP and infer edge statistics (time delay, variance, decay) or transfer function.
	2.	Internal Probabilities: Receive inbound LSP messages and a combination of outbound LSP or subscriber Messages to infer what proportion of flow is allocated between each internal graph edge (if multiple).
	3.	Trust profile inference (how performant are current predictions). possibly as a signal for hyperparameter tuning.

POSTERITY SERVICE:
	Log all the things ... but especially performance w.r.t. time-of-day.
	1.	Perhaps identify certain macro-traffic conditions (i.e. rush-hours, low-flow, late-night etc.)
